this was Imad smiling happy
alive the last good memories his parents
have of their son who was 3 and 1/2
years
old he was in the arms of his
20-year-old cousin hadil a medical
student at University when they were gun
down their last moments are captured in
this
video but
there was a third person with them that
day I went to buy some clementines with
and Imad and we came under Fire we head
at our neighbor's house and stayed there
for an hour once the shooting stopped we
left the house hadil handed me the bag
of Clementine's and she carried Imad In
Her Arms then we came under Fire again I
managed to run away but hadil was shot
and killed immediately Imad was still
alive neighbor is using the buildings as
cover from sniper fire do what they
can the dust being kicked up as the
bullets continue to
fly people noticed he was still alive
and tried to rescue him they held out a
stick for him to grab onto but he did
not respond he was looking at his cousin
and refused to leave her alone he then
started moving a reach for the stick so
they shot and killed
him two months since the shooting and a
makeshift Market in sheh radwan in
Northern Gaza is
busy children no older than Imad walk
the
streets what makes this worse and more
painful for us as hadal's parents and
imad's mother is this unfolded before
our eyes without us being able to say
goodbye to our children hadal's mother
was unable to give her one last kiss
the neighbors took their bodies and
buried them while the shooting was still
ongoing we couldn't say goodbye to our
children Haron walks to the cemetery
where they were hastily
buried it used to be the neighborhood
football
pitch there's no tombstone for them but
he's determined that their names will be
known and never
forgotten
M leel
elazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer